MNT: Rename README.rst to GALLERY_HEADER.rst (#1321)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

By default, Sphinx-Gallery creates all the files that are written in the
sphinx-build directory, either by generating rst and images from a ``*.py``
in the gallery-source, or from  creating ``index.rst`` from

> ``GALLERY_HEADER.rst`` (or ``README.rst/.txt`` for backward-compatibility)

Reviewer: What do you think about this instead? (nit)

```suggestion
``GALLERY_HEADER.rst`` (or ``README.[rst/txt]`` for backward-compatibility)
```

Note that if you copy across files rst files, for instance, it is your
responsibility to ensure that they are in a sphinx ``toctree`` somewhere
in your document.  You can, of course, add a ``toctree`` to your
``GALLERY_HEADER.rst``.

Manually passing ``index.rst``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can bypass Sphinx-Gallery automatically creating an  ``index.rst`` from a
``GALLERY_HEADER.rst`` in a gallery directory or subdirectory. If your
``copyfile_regex`` includes ``index.rst``, and you have an ``index.rst`` in the

> gallery-source instead of the GALLERY_HEADER, Sphinx-Gallery will use that instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gallery-source instead of the 'GALLERY_HEADER' file, Sphinx-Gallery will use that instead of
```
nit
